Updating Cloud Functions TFJS demo (#826)
tensorflow/tfjs-examples: firebase-object-detection-node/README.md

# TensorFlow.js Example: Running a TensorFlow SavedModel in Node.js

> This demo demonstrates how to run a TensorFlow SavedModel in Node.js natively without using [tfjs-converter](https://github.com/tensorflow/tfjs/tree/master/tfjs-converter) to convert the model. Native execution of TensorFlow SavedModel in Node.js supports more ops and better performance compared with converted model.

Reviewer: Nit:

```suggestion
This demo demonstrates how to run a TensorFlow SavedModel in Node.js natively without using [tfjs-converter](https://github.com/tensorflow/tfjs/tree/master/tfjs-converter) to convert the model. Native execution of TensorFlow SavedModels in Node.js supports more ops and has better performance when compared to converted models.
```
